When you're ready, okay, so we should write some article about animal testing.
Yes.
What do you think about it?
I think I have a clear, clear, clear, clear pause issue about animal testing.
I just think this is an archaic method, completely outdated, and we have to just think about
how we can do this experience without animal testing.
Because that's just wasting money for nothing, because any solution could replace this animal
testing experience.
Okay, so we have a problem because I disagree.
I think we should write this article in favor of animal testing, because this method
allows breakthrough in science and research for scientific and to understanding the human
body and human disease and everything.
So for me, animal testing is the right method to allow the humanity to have a better life
with understanding this function.
Okay.
Okay, I correct you just in one point.
Maybe in the past, it was a very great solution.
It was completely great to understand, as you say, the functioning of our belief, understand
our physical constructions, but today, we have to think ethically and we humanize our science.
But we can do that, we humanize our science, and you think animals like in a better way
than before.
It's great to me.
But before we don't want to be anything to kill any day, for example, we can use animals
and testing animals for some subject, but not for other, like, for example, cosmetic testing
animals.
It's a shame.
Okay.
An nonsense.
Okay.
No, because we have alternatives, but like, for example, human disease, sometimes we
don't have the correct alternative, like, for example.
It's false.
It's the same virus.
No, as I'm saying, in the case of Alzheimer's, in the mask, we have, we can cure mice who
have Alzheimer's, but we cannot translate it for now, at the human, because we didn't understand
the molecular basis, but to take an alternative, we can use, for example, a computer alternative.
Yes.
But to use it, we have to understand the molecular basis.
So if we don't have the molecular analysis, we cannot use alternative, before you have
to find the alternative by animal testing, what do you think?
What do you think about to create a process of experimentation in vitro, by example,
for, in the same time, in the second time, we can effectively create a program in computer
modellization, which are very, very, very performance, more, maybe, more, in the, in the
other, lot of time, maybe, more performance, that's animal testing, where, computer modellization
are more efficient in a lot of time, but it's not a question, so, we could, we could
say that, okay, it was the past, we did animal testing, and we know the functioning of
our body, and the body, and the cellular, that, that create disease, et cetera, okay.
But now, it's time to, transit to a way of science, which are more human, and when, we
didn't talk about money, what money?
We are the subventions, because we are, legally, we have, legally, the obligation to do animal
testing, it's right in a lot of creative ways. Yes, but a lot of, there, there is more
suppression, as you say, to have, when we are, when we are in the program, in the RS program,
in the RS program, or RS program, you know, or with the, we are just seeing the trigger. So,
if we are, coming in, or RS program, trigger, we have more subventions, and that could be
transition step, between, between the, the experience with animals, and without animals. But,
I just want to, to say, one, one, one, one thing, one fact, 26 billions of dollars, that have been
invests in, experience animal testing, and just 95 persons did not succeed, we didn't translate
the medicant for human, that we test on animals. Yes, it's really good. We could put all this money
on computing, computer modelization, which, increase, which will be, which will increase more and
more, the performance of, computing, computer modelization. Yes, but like I said, it's not about
efficient, and increase the development, it's about reality, and reality, and point of the world.
It's like, if you don't understand the buzzes, yes, you can, we know the buzzes. No, we don't know
the buzzes, we know the buzzes. So, how, what is the basis of other animals?
Oh, sorry, I'm not in scientific lessons, or grades, or so we don't have the buzzes. So, we have
to find it, maybe, maybe you're right, and maybe we can take the point of view of the
middle, like the triage. I'm okay with the triage, but with the triage, maybe, maybe, maybe
acceleration, acceleration of the triage. We cannot accelerate it. When the triage has been
created, 15th, in the 15th. Yes, but it's a plan of long time. Are you okay to say that it's
outdated? We have to create a new model with acceleration, but we can't skip the animal testing,
in the future, in the future. No, in the future, we can't, but no, we can't. How many years?
25 years? 25 years? No, we have to create the acceleration of triage, that could be
the speed triage. Okay, so, alternative. We write our article about the triage, and you do your
research about the speed triage after the article. No, didn't? No, we could just complete,
create a compromise with your review. I have to get a compromise, your review. No, no, no, no,
you want to skip the animal testing in the 25 years. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I want to write
our article. Our article. Our article. Create a barrier between us, you man, that we are just
exploiting the rest of nature. It's just outdated. It was in the 19th, in the 20th century. Okay,
it was great, and we understand the function of genesis, etc. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. We have
to write an article and choose an article. Okay, so, so, you can write, it's outdated.
I can write. No, no, no, listen to me. You write, it's outdated. I write, we still do it,
and we write the triage metals. Yes, we've read it. Okay, could we just
notify that we could accelerate the triage metals at the conclusion, at the conclusion,
at the conclusion, at the conclusion, at the conclusion, at the conclusion, at the conclusion, at the
last, the last song of the fence. Oh, you, you are, you are, you are, you are, but we are okay to say
that 25 years to skip the animal testing is two. Three ago. Okay.
