can we do that zero, three, nine, a row, eight?
Thank you.
I'm going to do it zero, four, zero, I'm the world bee.
Okay, thank you very much.
You guys can begin.
Okay.
So I think that we should introduce technology
to the classrooms and to the students.
I think it would be great since we live now in a world
where technology is everywhere.
I think our students are going to have
to experience some jobs that we don't know yet
that even probably doesn't don't exist yet.
So I think that we really have to make them familiar
with technology, with computers,
and with using them in their daily life.
So what do you think?
Yes, but don't you think that the children's
only use technology at school isn't too much
and they have to continue to write with their hands
and don't only use the new technology?
I don't think that we have to make them use
only technology, making them use it doesn't mean
that they won't be writing or anything besides,
they don't have to do it all the time.
Because I think that they have to continue writing
because the jobs that use the right will continue.
So I think it would be great to moderate
between new technology and like whole school.
Yes, we could, but I also think that using technology
is very important because we are facing a new generation,
a new world with new ways to learn.
And I think that we should adapt the school system to this.
It could increase their autonomy.
With more dialogue, the professor won't be there
just to stand here and talk and the students
won't be passive anymore.
I think it's important for them to learn them,
to be active, more active, and to increase their autonomy.
Yeah, but there is a problem that scientists proved
that and like therapist proved that use technology at school,
even children's use technology out from school.
So they use art school, out from school,
and it developed the anxiety for example,
and it can develop depression if they don't have access
to the technology.
So I think they get,
we have to make a balance between school and not school.
So we can make different classes, for example,
like if the parents want because they,
this is their choice when children are young
and make different class.
Yes, I think that's interesting.
And I agree with you, they use screens
and internet and computers all the time.
It's a generation who was born with this
and who knows it may be better than us.
And I think that we should learn them how to make good things
and to use these computers and all these screens
usefully.
We have to learn them how to make it good,
how to do good things with it, how to use them
and use them to help them,
like even in the work at work at school,
because now the children are using these screens
and everything mostly to do not to work
to divertissement and everything.
So I think it's important to learn them how to work with it
and how to make it useful.
But I don't think that for little parts,
yes, they will use it correctly,
but most of the children will want to go on Netflix
on YouTube and it's going to be a distraction
more than a real surprise.
Yeah, I think this is why the teachers are important
and this is why they are here
and they have to be well trained to involve to the children
the value of it that they have a chance
to have these computers and this technology.
And I think that if we learn them how to use them correctly
and not only for Netflix and everything
and playing games and everything,
I think that it can only be great.
They will know how to make it great.
Yeah, but if you make a teacher,
make the transition and use technology
and if the teacher doesn't want to use it,
he will not use it correctly.
And I think it's just a transition
of what he knows before
and just with technology.
So it's not necessary useful.
Yeah, this is why we have to put a lot of financial resources
on this project to form correctly the teachers
so they actually know what to do
and not just do what they usually did on a computer
because this is nonsense,
this is not useful at all.
We have to train the teacher well
so they can transmit to the children the right thing
what we want them to do.
But who is going to pay for all this equipment?
The school are the parents
because it represents huge depends.
So not everyone can do it for all their children.
It represents a big difficulty.
This is how I think we should have a discussion
with the state and big associations
and everything to be allowed to afford it
and to offer everyone the same changes
to use technology usefully.
Yes, and I think it's not possible
in a crisis, if there is a one,
like actually in Ukraine,
there is a repercussion in every country.
If we, in France, we want to do this
to put the technology at school,
the state cannot finance for any.
So you have to go back and use the old technical.
So I think it's not certain.
You cannot, for the moment, use it
because it's too expensive.
Teachers are still old.
Maybe next generations
because they were born with this,
maybe they will use it correctly.
But I think for the moment it's not possible.
Well, I think it's something that will take a long time.
Of course, we cannot do it in a few years
and just it's not that fast.
It cannot be that fast.
But I think that on the long term,
we will be able to do this.
Of course, it will take a bit of time,
but this is now we have to start it.
Okay, so it's going to be a transition.
Yeah.
Yeah, so maybe what we can do is
for a certain class trying to use it.
Yeah, to test.
Yeah, to test, like test.
And if it's beneficial or not,
maybe we will introduce it
for the new generations.
Of course, but it has to be well done.
Yeah.
And we don't have to discriminate any children.
We can test all the few classes.
But as it works when it's well done,
I think we should now start to think about finance this in priority.
Because I think this is the future.
Yeah.
We have a generation that was born with this technology
and we have to adapt with it.
So maybe, I don't know, maybe,
abandon all the systems progressively
to, at the end,
to end up with this technology system being the main one.
And if it doesn't work
for the new generations,
is it not depends that we could evitate
and, for example,
use this money that we used for children
who doesn't have the chance to learn,
like in some certain poor country,
rather than use it for our school,
that we have...
I think we're speaking of our country
in that right now in our country,
mostly pretty much everyone has the change to go to school
and to learn.
So this is now we have to try new things.
Maybe to help the poorest people
so they can have it later.
Of course, it's going to be difficult.
But we can't know if we just spend money
on something that won't work.
If we don't try, we cannot know if it's going to work or not.
Yeah.
If we don't try.
There is a problem.
If there is connection problem in a class,
the teacher cannot make his class.
For example, you know,
there is a risk that you don't have
with a traditional way of learning.
Yes, it can happen, of course.
I think this is why we should put some experts
on every school that could be able to
make any intervention at any moment
to solve the problem if it exists.
This is why I told you it has to be well organized.
If it's done just not...
If we don't put enough energy in it, it won't work.
This is why we have to put a lot of money right now
so it works well.
And then we're going to maybe be able
to have this technology system that will work
and it's going to be beneficial for everyone.
Yeah, but I still think it's not a good idea
because you lose the...
you do have the discussion with the teacher,
you don't have the...
you will lose all your...
your abilities to go and have a discussion
with another people except behind the computer.
In the...
when you're going to work in your professional life,
you will have to discuss with, for example,
a client if you go in commercial way.
So I think you have to...
to use technology because, yeah,
I agree it's important for our generation.
So 100%.
But we have to stay with the traditional way.
Yeah, I agree.
We have to keep nourishing the relationship between people.
We don't have to be like...
present and...
under the computer and everything.
Yes, you're right.
We have to make a dialogue, a discussion
between the teacher that will be here to help the children
not only to learn them like magically,
just to discuss with them.
Yeah.
To increase the autonomy of the children
and their capacity to communicate with each other.
Okay.
