Your candidate number?
05.
Your candidate number is 005.
005, and I'm role A.
And I'm candidate 025, and I'm role B.
Okay, you can begin.
So I personally think that new technologies aren't any good in class,
and it should be something that is out of the school and not in the school.
Okay, I understand your point of view, but today the technology is quite important
because we need computer to access to websites or things like this,
and teachers need to show things to the class or things like this.
Yes, of course, I hear this, but I think that there are some studies that show that
there are two kinds of situations, I think.
There is when there are everyday new technologies, and it can represent a distraction.
And of course, on the other side, there can be like once a week a class with computer
to learn new technologies to the student.
I agree, but I think that the foundation priorities should be the development of new way
with new technologies to learn and to teach for the kids.
It's a better way to learn because they are more happy to be there.
They enjoy the class.
And for the teachers, it's more simple because they can use a lot of things
and diversify how they work.
Yes, but we know for quite a time now that the amount of time that teens,
so students, pass on a device, like a smartphone, computer,
is a huge amount of time, like six to eight hours a day.
So we do not need to increase this time.
I agree with you, but technology is also a keyboard
or the things that can project an image on the keyboard.
And it's not just a computer, so if we invest in the research of new technology,
we may discover the new way.
We do not need to be on a computer or iPad or something like this,
but we can be a technology and help the teacher.
This is a good point, Moni.
If we want a new technology in class, this should be with great equipment, like you said,
not necessarily a computer per student,
but there will be some investment that we need to do.
And of course, there will be maybe instruction of teachers
because not all teachers know how to use a keyboard or computer for their course,
for mathematics, for example.
And so there is maybe inequality between a school that has the money for this
and a school that doesn't have.
I know that, and actually it doesn't really concern us.
It's the government who has to help this school and this teacher,
and also the parents because maybe the child is in a great school,
but he may have no money.
But it's the government who has to help the school,
and we should offer them the opportunity to buy new stuff.
I agree with you.
So if the government says that you will invest in this
and of course give money to a school that doesn't have that much money,
I can eventually think that some technology on a certain level
with a minimum amount of time can be good
because of course this is not all bad.
Okay, but maybe we should just talk about this with the government
for communication and try to see what we can do.
But I think that even if we don't know what the government was going to say,
we know that we have to invest on new technology because it's too important.
Yes, but we have to invest, but to invest we need to have money
and to make sure that some people like government or other kind of people
will help and will do everything they can
so there isn't any inequality between school and between students
because this is the future of the country.
So if some kids don't have the same education as others,
this will increase inequality.
The government will choose to invest.
It's an evidence because there is too many...
He knows he has to do it because the school needs this for work
and work in a good way because we saw that the child
and the teacher are happiest in the school when there is more technology.
Yes, of course, so maybe if this is on good regulation,
technology can be slowly integrated in the classroom,
but with regulation, like I said, not every day, like once a week for example,
to start or like one hour a day or something like this.
Yes, I agree with you because we all know that the screen is bad for everyone,
and it's useful, but we have to regulate, as you say.
So the teachers do this part, they have to adapt with the things that we offer to them.
So we just have to agree with the fact that we invest and that's it.
Yes, so I agree with you.
