Yes. My number is 022.
022?
And me it's 010.
010, okay.
In my opinion, technology in class is very
hard and it's not good. We use pen and papers for long decades, blackboard, books. I'm
not interested in technology. It's successful.
In my opinion, I think technology is a good idea and it's also an actual subject.
So it can help a teacher to organize her lesson and also for students it can be
a way to make the lesson more interesting and more interactive. So I think it's a good idea.
Yes, but you see in all the exams that are passed in paper with pen,
we don't have tablets or computers in the exams.
Yes, but maybe we can do a part of technology and also a part of paper and
pen. So maybe the school can do during the year some exam for training the students to continue to
write. I see, but for the students you talked before, you know some studies
spoke about it raises anxiety and reduces self-esteem. We could have issues of
addictivity of students. Many students use computer technology six to eight hours
a day. It's enough and we don't have to use it in classroom.
Maybe the school can organize a sensibilization of students to show the limits of technology.
Maybe they can show that the students can also read books and don't usually use technology
and also show the limit of time screen. For example, the nights when the students go to
sleep if they don't use technology. I see your purpose, but the final point I want to
talk about is technology is very expensive. A lot of schools
do not have many income and technology is very expensive. How do you do with that?
I think the students that can pay for their computer can buy their own computer.
I think the school has to prepare a budget before and I don't have a real solution for the money.
I think maybe for the school who can not invest in a computer they have to keep the traditional
paper and pen. I saw your purpose and why it's interesting. I'm ready to act to use
interactive whiteboard in classroom. Is it interesting the whiteboard or not?
Yes, I think it's a good idea because the students can participate with this.
Okay, so it's okay. We can show the supervisor to buy some interactive whiteboard.
