So I'm candidat002 and I'm the role A.
And I'm the candidat003 and the role B.
Well, hello, when you say, I don't know your name, I'm sorry.
I'm John. I'm you.
I'm Carol.
Okay, nice to meet you.
We are talking today about the tactile duty on the classroom.
Yeah.
What do you think about?
Well, I'm pro-technology, I could say.
I believe we should implement technology more in the classroom,
but of course implement your regulations to make sure that the students learn from technology,
but not with it, and to make sure that their school experience is the best.
Okay, I have absolutely any problem with the fact that students can learn with technologies.
But there's I think some aspects which are dangerous, such as bullying.
And for that, I think that we need to put in place a kind of system of control of the informatic tools.
And it has to be encoderated by the teachers,
when students are using it. What do you think about?
Well, the bullying is one of the risks that is really evident with social media,
and the fact that students are using it more and more,
and that their parents are having problems regulating it,
because they don't really understand their principle.
So that is why we could also try and implement strict rules regarding their devices.
Like an example was given of the fact that some teachers at the beginning of their classes
used to ask questions and students,
and it would be easier for students to answer the forums online,
and to make sure that those forums are only parts of the school website, for example,
and that are used by everyone,
and of course strict regulation regarding maybe course words,
and make sure that they are filters, etc.
Yeah, and I think that they should also verify the history of the,
for example, the computers or all the devices,
which were used by the students.
It has to be moderated.
They don't have, I think, that they don't have to stay all day behind a screen,
and it has to be only used in an educated way, for example,
for homework, for researchers, something like that,
and absolutely in any case, for personal uses.
It's a very interesting idea, but it's dangerous if it's not well done.
Yeah, I remember teacher, sixth grade teacher,
if I remember, of the Fisher Middle School localizing you from the UK
that said in her classes,
she used around one hour of her time for the students to go online,
to use the screens, etc.
And I was a little bit surprised and unfounded,
unfounded to find that, because I think it's a little bit too much.
So we should implement rules regarding the hours,
make sure they don't spend too much time,
and that the screens they are on doesn't replace the students.
Yeah, but we can also make a kind of open space,
or co-working space in this school,
and where there will be some technological devices,
which can be used every time of the day,
and could pay me to the students to work as they want,
with some teachers around who could look at what they are doing,
if it's in a link or not with the school,
and maybe put in place a system of card that they had to insert
in a kind of box,
which will vary five if they have already used in the day,
a computer, and making some, as you say, filters,
and reducing the time of use per day,
for example, to maximum one hour.
Yeah, that's a really interesting idea, John.
It's still a good idea, because it's still a combination
of normal, traditional ways of learning,
and also screens.
Like some said, a teacher said that she used Kagan structures,
which is a form of cooperative learning moment,
and also because they had little book clubs,
so they would use computers and tablets to learn a little bit more,
but they also had things outside of screens
by interacting with others and learning at the same time.
Yeah, and also there's not only computers or screens,
there's also the book club in which Kagan continued to learn
and to check all the information that they need for their works,
and also I was thinking about a sensibilization of the students,
but also the teachers of the schools about the impact psychologically,
and also physically, for example, the eye and the health.
And I think that this system of co-working space
with some informatic devices will permit to avoid the social
and economical fracture that there is between them,
as it was said, in an article between the white colors
and the black colors due to their origins and their lifestyle,
because many people who are of black skin color
don't have informatic devices for work.
Well, yeah, currently technology is a bit of a working problem in progress.
Like we said, the technology has a real tool on mental health,
with anxiety, low self esteem, sometimes depression,
and yeah, some are more advantage,
because their parents, for example, have high incomes,
compared to others that don't really have access to computers
because their parents get afford to.
So, like I said before, try and regulate and also help
by funding schools so that each student can be able to access computers in school.
And I think we should do that also,
because we have a lot of learning to do,
but also learning techniques are present with technology.
Like this topic of constructivism,
an inquiry-based learning, for example,
where students are taught to search for topics in themselves,
and teachers are there to guide them.
And you can help with independence,
constructing a train of thoughts,
answering questions and understanding instructions.
Yeah, so I absolutely agree with all that you said.
I think that the thing that we have to put in place
is to moderate and control the behavior of the students
and moderate in function of the age of the students.
For example, the first great student
have to use in the maximum half hour per day the computers
and the last year students, for example,
maximum two hours to prepare their exams.
I don't know what you think about.
Well, I think we can both agree that the main,
the foundation, the main priority,
is to ensure that technology is available to everyone,
but also that there are strict rules to make sure
that it doesn't end badly for the students themselves.
Yeah, so you agree with that?
Yeah.
Perfect, thank you.
Thank you.
