Okay. One for one will be one by five will be eight.
Okay. So this is about the article.
I suggest to provide more about the animal testing and other progress.
Yeah. I don't really, I don't think that we can write the article all about the progress
about the animal testing because, like, they are not just progress about it.
Yeah. Yeah. I understand what you said. I'm sure there was a lot of other things
we can talk about, but I think the main subject of the animal testing
is of the benefits we have thanks to. We can see of the medicine progress
and of the new treatment medication.
And I think there is a lot of things to say about it and it could be a good idea.
Yeah. But the thing that you're talking about are not very relevant
and not always relevant because we have seen a lot of progress in animal testing.
Like, so, as during one, have you heard about this?
Oh, yeah. Right. But it can be an example, but there is so much other medication
that the treatment worked. And they have been doing, okay, they tried animal testing
and it made it done work with this one and it was more relevant
with other things that, like, I don't know, computer needed.
But this is, for the moment, the main, the most relevant practice
is my two progress in medicine study.
I read some researchers that were saying that in fact,
a lot of animal testing experiences were not finished
and they need to know where, like, we don't have the results of them.
A large number of animal testing experiences that have, you know,
benefits on our society or on medical research.
Yes. But as we can see, this is the one with the most.
We don't really have a lot of, like, I don't think.
We didn't work enough with other methods to be sure to take good one.
And this one, I don't think it's my kind of idea,
I think this one could be great for our article
and we maybe have much to say.
To my mind, this is not quite a thing to do in our article
because people are just there that I love this thing is good
and, like, the only thing, but it's not true at all.
There are a lot of alternative methods.
I know that sometimes alternative methods are not enough
but in many cases there are enough and we don't use them enough.
Yes, it would be great to talk about it for sure.
We need to give out the information to everybody and to give a better understanding of the today.
But this is not the biggest argument, you know, what I mean.
They need those information in the article
but to make today I keep my mind, it's that I'm noticing
and they put the argument about it.
Because, yeah, we have a lot of other methods, they work,
but we also have the, you know, these three are...
Yeah, and I think it's a good argument to animal-dating
because they change contents of the painful or the harmful they quote in faith to the animal
and they work with, but they still use the animal.
I think so, it's maybe a good compromise between them.
Yeah, these three are like a rule, but not everybody follows rules.
And I think we have to think twice about the fact that we are doing like animals belong to us
but animals don't belong to us.
They are just suffering in our laboratory and it's not like we are pretending
this is a right thing or we are not even thinking about it.
It's not a subject that we talk about.
We are pretending that it's okay, but I don't think so.
This is maybe something we can add on the article
like you have you already and I have my interview
and we can work both together, but I think we need to clarify each point
and it's a shade of grey and not everything is white or black.
Yeah, I can agree on something with you.
But I think that for many years, your point of view has been showed
so I think it's a right thing to show my point of view.
Yeah, but if we also try the two of them.
Yeah, yeah, I think they tell them.
It's quite difficult.
If we give only your point of view, everybody will be proud.
We have to stop animal testing because this is the bad things.
We just lost money.
It's not relevant and we don't conclude anything
because we don't have good results or just any results.
But that's not true because we have some results
and we chose an animal testing.
It's for the moment the one who's working well
because we can still live like living cells.
And the interaction between them.
I can't say that in computer or anything.
So I heard what you are saying.
But I think so we can show your point of view.
But we can also say that it's in many situations
we can do without animal testing.
And if we need animal testing,
maybe we can think to hire less animal,
less animals and in better conditions.
And like in this motif, they are well-being.
They are well-being because...
If we are doing less animal testing,
we can do this in better conditions.
I think this article can lead to a great information
and everybody can have their own opinion
with all the information.
I think it's a good opportunity for the research service
because we will write a very interesting article
with our both point of view.
And I'm glad that we are working together.
And I think it's important.
Thank you very much.
