0.41 and roll A. 0.27, roll B.
So in my opinion, it's necessary to develop the technology in high school and in every
high school because is that allowed to improve the knowledge of the students and it's
a good point for their future job and in studies in a university or something like that.
OK, but I understand what you say, but I think that it's not possible in all schools because
there are some schools who don't have the money to add new technologies in their schools.
Yeah, but I think it's important to to block this gap between the different high school because
I'm agree with you. Everybody can have access to the technology student from poor high school or very good
high school. There is no difference for me. Everybody has the right to access all the technology
and it's necessary for me.
It can be necessary, but if students didn't have a computer, their own computer,
how can they do their homework, for example?
Yes, but for that, I think the state can make a decision to put the budget and allowed
the high school to have good technologies like computer, good system, informatics system, etc.
OK, it's a good idea, but this is not the only problem. There is also about teachers
because some of them are not able to use new technologies.
Maybe they are old or they didn't understand very well.
Maybe we can help this whole teacher with give them information and some teachers specialized
in informatics and new technology can help them to be formed from that new form of scholarship.
Yes, but new technology is not easy and they need really a lot of time to really understand
how it works and it's not really, we don't have a lot of time to teach them how to use it.
Yes, maybe it's difficult to spend a lot of time to be formed with new technology,
but it's dramatically dramatic because I think it's good for students
because they can help them to develop their abilities to resolve problems
and to improve their knowledge about this type of technology.
Yes, but studies shows too that students who use new technology in school develop anxiety.
So it's not a...
It's need to be framed maybe because there is good points and by points.
So we can not just drop this form of new system.
Just like that, we need to improve to inform everybody, students, teachers, everybody.
To my opinion, we need to reduce the time the students spend on computers, television,
just to reduce this time because they spend too much time on this at home
and if they are on computer at school too, there will be too much time for them.
I think it's a problem. They need to return at paper and pen to write to read too.
For the development of this new system, we can begin with one, for example, one hour per day
with computers and new technology, but keep going with the old method with paper and pen
because technology also has a limit because in my opinion, it's more easy to learn a lesson with paper or without a screen.
I think we can close the deal just to add a little of new technology on class,
maybe one or two hour per day, but we can keep also traditional way to teach.
Yeah, I'm gonna read.
