01		Yes, but don't you think that the children's only use technology at school isn't too much and they have to continue to write with their hands and don't only use the new technology? 
01		Okay, so it's going to be a transition. Yeah, so maybe what we can do is for certain class trying to use it. 
01		Yeah, to test, like test. And if it's beneficial or not, maybe we will introduce it in the... for the new generations. 
01		And if it doesn't work in the... for the new generations, is it not depends that we could evitate and, for example, 
01		and, for example, use this money that we used for children who doesn't have the chance to learn, like in some certain poor country, rather than use it for our school, that we have... 
01		There is problem. If there is connection problem in a class, the teacher cannot make his class. For example, you know, there is a risk that you don't have with a traditional way of learning. 
01		Yeah, but I still think it's not a good idea because you lose the... you don't have the discussion with the teacher, you don't have the... you will lose all your... 
01		your abilities to go and have a discussion with another people except behind the computer. In the... when you're gonna work in your professional life, you will have to discuss with, for example, a client if you go in commercial way. So I think you have to... to use technology because, yeah, I agree it's important for our generation. So 100%. But we have to stay with the traditional way. 
01		Because I think that they have to continue writing because the jobs that use the write will continue. So I think it would be great to moderate between new technology and like old school. 
01		Yeah, but there is a problem that scientifist proved that and like therapist proved that use technology at school, even children's use technology out from school. So they use at school, out from school, and it developed the anxiety for example, and it can develop depression if they don't have access to the technology. So I think they get, we have to make a balance between school and not school. 
01		we have to make a balance between school and not school. So we can make different classes, for example, like if the parents want because they, this is their choice when childrens are young and make different class. 
01		Yeah but I don't think that... for little parts, yes, they will use it correctly, but most of the children will want to go on Netflix 
01		but most of the children will want to go on Netflix on YouTube and it's gonna be a distraction more than a real service.. 
01		make the transition and use technology and if the teacher doesn't want to use it, he will not use it correctly. And I think it's just a transition of what he knows before and just with technology. So it's not necessary useful. 
01		But who is going to pay for all this equipment? The school or the parents because it represents huge depense. So not everyone can do it for their children. It represents a big difficulty. 
01		Yes, and I think it's not possible in a crisis, if there is a war like actually in Ukraine, there is repercussion in every country. If we, in France, we want to did this to put the technology at school, the state cannot finance for any... 
01		the state cannot finance for any... So you have to go back and use the old technical. So I think it's not certain, like You cannot, for the moment, use it because it's too expensive. Teachers are still old. Maybe next generations because they were born with this, maybe they will use it correctly. But I think for the moment it's not possible. 
00		So I think that we should introduce technology to the classrooms and to the students. I think it would be great since we live now in a world where technology is everywhere. I think our students are going to have to experience some jobs that we don't know yet that even probably doesn't... don't exist yet. So I think that we really have to make them familiar with technology, with computers, with... and with using them in their daily life. So what do you think? 
00		I think we're speaking of our country in that right now in our country, mostly pretty much everyone has the chance to go to school and to learn. So this is now we have to try new things. Maybe to help the poorest people so they can have it later. Of course, it's gonna be difficult. But we can't know if we just spend money on something that won't work. If we don't try, we cannot know if it's gonna work or not. If we don't try. 
00		Yes, it can happen, of course. I think this is why we should put some experts on every school that could be able to make any intervention at any moment to solve the problem if it exists. This is why I told you it has to be well organized. If it's done just not... If we don't put enough energy in it, it won't work. This is why we have to put a lot of money right now so it works well. And then we're gonna maybe be able to have this technologic system that will work and it's going to be beneficial for everyone. 
00		Yeah, I agree. We have to keep nourishing the relationship between people. We don't have to be like... prisoned and... under the computer and everything. Yes, you're right. We have to make a dialogue, a discussion between the teacher that will be here to help the children not only to learn them like magistrarly, just to discuss with them. To increase the autonomy of the children and their capacity to communicate with each other. 
00		I don't think that we have to make them use only technology, making them use it doesn't mean that they won't be writing or anything beside, they don't have to do it all the time. 
00		Yes, we could, but I also think that using technology is very important because we are facing a new generation, a new world with new ways to learn. And I think that we should adapt the school system to this. It could increase their autonomy. With more dialogue, the professor won't be there just to stand here and talk and students won't be passive anymore. I think it's important for them to learn them, to be active, more active, and to increase their autonomy. 
00		Yes, I think that's interesting. And I agree with you, they use screens and internet and computers all the time. It's a generation who was born with this and who knows it may be better than us. And I think that we should learn them how to make good things and to use these computers and all these screens usefully. We have to learn them how to make it good, how to do good things with it, how to use them and use them to help them, like even in the work at work at school, because now the children are using these screens and everything mostly to do not to work to divertissement and everything. So I think it's important to learn them how to work with it and how to make it useful. 
00		Yeah, I think this is how... this is why the teachers are important and this is why they are here and they have to be well trained to involve to the children the value of it that they have a chance to have these... I don't know, these computers and this technology. 
00		And I think that if we learn them how to use them correctly and not only for Netflix and everything and playing games and everything, I think that it can only be great. They will know how to make it great. 
00		Yeah, this is how... this why sorry, we have to put a lot of financial resources on this project to form correctly the teachers so they actually know what to do and not just do what they usually did on a computer because this is nonsense, this is not useful at all. We have to form... to train the teacher well so they can transmit to the children the right thing what we want them to do. 
00		Yeah, this is how I think we should have a discussion with the state and big associations and everything to have... to be allowed to afford it and to offer everyone the same chances to use technology usefully. 
00		Well, I think it's something that will take a long time. Of course, we cannot do it in a few years and just it's not that fast. It cannot be that fast. But I think that on the long term, we will be able to do this. Of course, it will take a bit of time, but this is now we have to start it. 
00		Of course, but it has to be well done. And we don't have to discriminate any children. We can test on a few classes. But as it works when it's well done, I think we should now start to think about finance this in priority. Because I think this is the future. We have a generation that was born with this technology and we have to adapt with it. So maybe, I don't know, maybe, abandon old system progressively to, at the end, to end up with this technology system being the main one. 
