00		I'd like to say that the use of technology in the classroom is not always good, it can
00		bring a lot of harm to students and also to the school as well.
00		First of all, I'd like to say it's expensive to implement, you need to buy the goods like computers
00		and boards, and also the equipment that you need to maintain the computers.
00		Indeed, it could be the role of the state to provide, but you have also to take in account
00		the fact that teachers need to be trained, which also costs money and time, time away from
00		the students who could benefit of a more traditional way of education, so where would
00		that money come from?
00		So don't you think that progressively the teacher won't be needed and it could lead to unemployment?
00		If their children are able to study without teachers and just using technology, maybe
00		one day it will go too far and we will lose the profession that is teaching?
00		In fact, this is a good argument, but I think that we should also take account, in account
00		that technology at school could have a negative impact on the student life as far for the
00		screen time, because technology is present everywhere, so at home also, and if there is
00		no break between use at home and at school, it can lead to addiction and problems like anxiety.
00		So what I hear you say is that the traditional way of teaching is still needed, therefore
00		it also shows that technology has maybe not it's part in a classroom, if you still need
00		the balance between traditional teaching and technology.
00		So yeah I think technology can be useful, but you also have to take account that not everyone
00		has access to it, and if maybe we start using it, then we have to homework to do with
00		it, and researches, and some students don't have access to that because of low income.
00		and it could disadvantage them.
00		I see, but I hear also is that it's a really expensive project, like I said, to buy the computers, to
00		keep them... to keep the maintenance up, everything.
00		I don't think every school, every... that the state has the money for that in every school, and
00		moreover
00		When maintenance is needed, you can't use the technology, so it can also slow down
00		the learning process while it's in maintenance.
00		While computers or technologic devices are in maintenance, they can't be used, so it slows
00		down the learning process.
00		What about exams, because when you learn to take on a computer or to work on a computer
00		and then you find yourself in front of a sheet and a traditional way of writing exams,
00		you... students may be lost, because they are not that used to it.
00		Okay so, I hear you, and I feel like we can go to a compromise where we think that technology can
00		be used, but with limits and work that in the schools with the teacher who need a lot
00		of training.
01		Yeah, but I think that is the role of the states, the states need to... How can I say it ? Need pay for all of it because
01		it's his job to permit to all students to have the equipments required for good learning and
01		Yes, but to my mind, the new teachers will bring the new 21st century childrens, so they
01		will grow up with the new technology, so we will need to teach them less than actually
01		with the old teacher.
01		No, because I'm not saying that robots can replace teachers.
01		I just think that the technology, sorry, is a tools for teachers to help the student
01		or the child to make more research.
01		It's a tools that they can use, for example, to go far away from their, from what they
01		knows.
01		The teacher can not know everything, so when, for example, they work on the project
01		or something, they can use the technology to help them to work, to reach new methods
01		of working, of teaching.
01		Yes, I agree, but that is our work, that is the teacher work and parents work.
01		We need to control the time that the child spend on the screen, for example,
01		We can work only two hours a day on screen, sorry, screens at school, and the parents
01		can control the times when the child will come back at home.
01		So the child will not spend too much time on the screen, and we can do like exercise,
01		like who seems like feedback, to talk about what did you see on screen, what did you
01		think to make, to share together with the children, to have their feelings about the screen,
01		and to check if they are good with it.
01		That's why I think that the state must pay for it, because I think the... for example, the
01		states can buy computers or some advices for the school.
01		The school will rent it to the students, so they will have all the same computers, all the
01		same advices, so their will be not, like I say, disparities, I can say it like this,
01		disparities between them.
01		It will be easier, easier sorry, for the teacher because they will have all the same computers or advices.
01		It will be easier, easier sorry, for the teacher because they will have all the same computers or advices.
01		and their will not be disparities because they will work, they will be equal.
01		No, because to my mind, the learning process is not based on technology, it's just a
01		tools that they can use to help them, not... it's not the major party of the works, so it will not
01		be like something missing when they are in maintenance, you understand.
01		The teacher will work with their... like you said, traditional methods, but they can use the technology
01		to help them to bring new methods, to adapt their methods to students which are maybe
01		different, maybe who wants to discover something, different, because they have a different
01		level, for example.
01		To my mind, it depends of the skills.
01		For example, if you... if in class they used to work mathematics without a computer, they should
01		do the exam without the computer, but if they works something like a French with the
01		computers, they will pass the exam with the computers, too.
01		Like this, they will have the habits.
01		Yeah exactly, like I said, the technology will not be the base of the teaching, it will be just
01		a plus, a tools that can be used by the teacher to help the children.
