01		So I personally think that new technologies aren't any good in class and it should be it should be something that is out of the school and not in the school 
01		there are  two kind of of situation I think there is a when there... when there are everyday new technologies and it can represent a distraction and of course on the other side there can be like once a week a class with computers to learn new technologies to the students 
01		Yes, but we know for quite a time now that the ammount of time that teen so students pass on device and like smartphone, computer is a great huge amount of time like 6 to 8 hours a day so we do not need  to increase this... this time 
01		This is a good point money if you want a new technology in class this should be with great equipment like you said not necessarily a computer per student but there will be some  investment that we need to do and of course there will be maybe instruction of the teacher because not all teacher knows how to use keyboard or computer for their course for mathematic for example and so there is maybe inequality between school that has the money for this and school that  doesn't have 
01		I agree with you so if the government say that you will invest in this and of course... 
01		of course give  money to school that doesn't have that much money I can eventually think that some technology on a certain level with a minimum amount of time can be good because of course this is not all bad 
01		Yes, but we have to invest on it, but to invest we have to... we need to have money and to make sure that some  people like government or 
01		or other kind of people will help and will do everything they can so there isn't any inequality between school and between students because this is the future sorry, this is the future of the country so if some kids doesn't have the same education than other this will be this will increase inequality 
01		Yes, of course, so maybe if this is on good regulation, technology can be slowly, integrate in a classroom, but with regulation like I said, not every day, like once a week, for example, to start, or like one hour a day or something like this. 
00		Okay, I understand your point of view but today the technology is quite important because we need computer to access to websites or  things like this and teacher has need sorry, to show things to  the class or things like this 
00		I agree but I think that the foudation  priorities should be the development of new way with new  technologies to learn and to teach for the  kids it's an... it's a better way to... to learn because they are more happy to be there they enjoy the class and for the teachers it's more simple because they can use a lot of things and diversify the... how the... how they work 
00		I know, I agree with you but technology is also keyboard or the... the things that can project an image on the keyboard and it's not just the computer so if we invest in the research of new technology we may discovery the new way who do not need to be on the computer or Ipad or something like this but who can be technology and  help the teacher 
00		I know that and actually it doesn't really concern us it's the government who has to help this school and this teacher and also the parents because maybe the child is in a great school but he may has no money but it's the government who has to help the... the school and we should offer them the opportunity to... to buy new stuff 
00		okay but maybe we should just talk about this with... talk about this with the governments for communication and try to see what we can do but I think that even if we don't know what the government was going to  say, we know  that we have to invest on your technology because  it's too 
00		the government will... will choose to invest, it's  an evidence becauset here is too many... too many... hum too many how to say it that he knows he has to do it because the school need this for work, and work in a good way, because we saw that the child and the teacher are more... are more... are happiest in the school when there is more technology. 
00		Yes, I agree with you, because we all know that screen is bad for everyone, not just children. And we, it's useful, but we have to regulate, as you said. So we .. the teacher do this part, they have to adapt with the things that we offer to them. And so we just had to agree with the fact that we invest, and that's it. 
