00		Yeah, I agree. It's a bit expensive, but I think we can manage to have state subsidies and grants so that we can buy some devices that can be useful for students. For example, interactive whiteboards. They can help some students with difficulties to stay focus. Especially among students who have difficulties or in verge to drop out of school. Maybe a more technological way to make them learn is... is more easier. Make it easier for them to learn or to stay focused at school. 
00		use ? use of what ? of the computers ? Oh yeah, yeah, but if he is an assistant of technology, maybe he can... it's his job. I mean, hire someone whose job is to take care of computers, you know, as a technological assistant, technical assistant. Maybe if we hire someone who knows how to upkeep and maintenance devices, it could cost us less money to replace them or to buy other ones if they just don't work anymore. 
00		Yeah, just for that, as technology is everywhere, I think it's good to prepare the students for later when they will have to use it in firms or even for les impots in France. all of taxes and such things must be completed online. And so, for example, old persons have a lot of difficulties to complete these forms. So, maybe if the young people learned how to do it younger, maybe they can manage to... not only to use it by themselves, but to learn other people how to do it or help them, I don't know. 
00		But as we say earlier, maybe we can start implementing a few computers and with boundaries and see how it evolves. And if we continue to fund technological education or not, if you agree. 
00		Yeah but, Technology is also everywhere now and so students may... should be aware of the danger. So maybe learn how to use it as school from a young age may prevent them from the danger and risk to use technologies such as bullying online or being... or people with bad intentions. 
00		Yeah but, maybe just for students who doesn't have the privilege to have a computer at home. It could be a good opportunity for them to learn to use a computer at school because if they don't have it at home, one day they will be in a firm where they will have to use a computer or software and hardware and they will not be able to do it. So maybe especially for those children who are... who lack technology at home, maybe technology at school could help them improve their skills 
00		It trigger the question of the use of technology here. Maybe if we buy a few computers at the beginning and train the teachers on how to use them properly and with good intentions for education and only to help the students, maybe in math or computer problems, maybe it could be useful, but they have to be limited on the use. IE maybe put boundaries on internet connections or websites that it can access. Like we can, I don't know exactly how, but I know that we can prevent them from using Facebook, Instagram, etc. or even games on the computers by putting in place a software on it. 
00		Like we can, I don't know exactly how, but I know that we can prevent them from using Facebook, Instagram, etc. or even games on the computers by putting in place a software on it. 
00		Yeah but, especially at school, if we choose to put in place computers, we can make this choice to put boundaries on the use so that it could be used in a good way and not in a way unuseful. Do you have something to add or?  
00		Yeah doing balance between the two, maybe computer can be used for specific subjects, but not all. And on the subjects, for which they will have a test on paper, only train them on paper and if they will have tests on computer, train them with online tests so that they can train and not be lost. at the exam. 
00		Yeah, I totally agree with that part of the matter. I think every opportunity in technology has advantages and disadvantages and we may balance the two so that we can make the best choice for the students and the teachers so that they can manage to teach properly. 
00		Yeah, yeah, I agree. Maybe at the beginning we can implement it only for a few subjects in the week and maybe see how it works on the students and how they feel about it. If they have maybe suggestions, we can ask them and the teachers also, if they have specific requirements or needs and we can evolve with this subject. 
00		Yeah, with the state, yeah. We will have to find if the state could grant subsidies to buy them and especially for upkeep and maintenance expenses. We will have to look out for an assistant, maybe. 
01		I don't care. Okay, so we have to talk about new technologies in classroom. Personally, I think new technologies are too expensive for school. Between the cost of tools like computer, the cost of, for example, help support. What do you think of that? 
01		I don't know because some students need to be focused and they are more focused on paper, for example. 
01		Ok but, I think too there are more disparities between students because some students have, for example, a computer at home and others students do not have so... 
01		Okay, I think the intention is good, but for example, I remember when I was a kid, we had computer in school and we played games during the class, so... 
01		I think maybe for some students it's... I don't know if it's not complicated to be, for example, to learn on computer and after for the test to be on paper and you see the... 
01		And I see therapists think that the use of computers, although they see that students are more... There is more anxiety, for example, so... 
01		Maybe just use the computers for example few minutes per day and after four hours, but not all the day, all the... 
01		But even if we learn how to use for example a computer, all the  xxx are different, so it's not really the problem. 
