00		So in my opinion, it's necessary to develop the technology in high school and in every high school because that allow to improve the knowledge of the students and it's a good point for their future job and studies in university or something like that. 
00		Yeah, but I think it's important to... to xxx this gap between the different high school because I'm agree with you. Everybody can have access to the technology student from poor high school or very good high school. There is no different for me. Everybody have the right to access of all the technology and it's necessary for me. 
00		Yes, but for that, I think the state can make a decision to put the budget and allowed all the high school to have good tool technologies like computer, good system, informatics system, etc. 
00		Maybe we can help this old teacher with give them formation and some teachers specialized 
00		Maybe we can help this old teacher with give them formation and some teachers specialized in informatic and new technology can help them to be formed from that new form of scholarship. 
00		Yeah, maybe it's difficult to spend a lot of time to be formed of this new technology, so... but it's dramatic because I think it's good for students because they can help them to develop their abilities to resolve problems and to improve their knowledge about this type of technology. 
00		It's need to be xxx maybe because there is good points and bad points. So you can... we can just... we cannot just drop this form of new... this new system. Just like that, we need to improve... to inform everybody, students, teachers, everybody. 
00		For develop this new system, we can begin with one, for example, one hour per days with computer and new technology, but keep going with the old method with paper, pen because technology have also her limit because in my opinion, it's more easy to learn a lesson with paper or without a screen. 
01		OK, but... I understand what you say, but I think that it's not possible in all school because there is... there are some schools who don't have the money to add new technologies in their schools. 
01		It can be necessary, but if students didn't have a computer, their own computer, how can they do their homework, for example? 
01		OK, it's a good idea, but this is not the only problem. There is also about teachers 
01		Yes, but new technology is not easy and they need really lot of time to really understand how it works and it's not really, we don't have lot of time to teach them how to use it. 
01		Yes, but studies shows too that students who use new technology in school develops anxiety. 
01		To my opinion, we need to reduce the time the students spend on computers, television, on... just... sorry, to reduce this time because they spend too much time on this at home and if they are on computer at school too, there will be too much time for them and... I think it's a problem. They need to return at paper and pen to write, to read too. 
01		I think we can close the deal just to add a little of new technology on class, maybe one or two hour per day, but we can keep also traditional way to teach. 
