00		So hello, today we are gonna discuss about the... we are gonna suggest to our supervisor if we have to put technologies on the classroom of... if we don't have to implement this in the classroom. So first, I think that this is a good thing to implement this type of technology like computers in this class... in the classroom in the course and the school in general because I think the first students like it and there is already studies that have showed that there is a higher level of engagement. For example, 
00		is already studies that have showed that there is a higher level of engagement. For example, for students who don't like to talk because they are a little scared, etc... 
00		I get your point here, but I think that even if there is no computer on the classroom, there is already a possible student who can play on the phone or something else. that already can distract other student behind them, but I get your point here and I agree with you. 
00		Okay, I understand, but I think that this is not the at risk student who buy these computer. I think that school where they are in must buy this computer for them. Like this is already happening in some area where the state gives free computers to student and student don't have to pay them. 
00		Maybe you want to say that this is a little lost of time and I think that this is a lot of... a lost of time in the present. But after, I think that thanks to these technology and computers, students will learn lessons and skills more fast, faster. So I think that the time will be gained after. 
00		Okay, I go along with you. I think that all student and people today are a bit addicted to this type of technology like computers or phone. But I think that this is the student or the people at home who have to reduce the time they are using this technology because it is very useful in the school I think. 
00		Okay, okay. Yes, I think that we have to just not use them, use the computers and this technology every day at school. But I think this is a good idea to add computers in classroom and more. It can help for future jobs because now all jobs will be like engineer for artificial intelligence. And so we have to have a student who learn this type of skills to have a good jobs in the future. 
00		Yes, I agree. We don't have to put children at like five or four years old, directly in this type of technology. We have to before know the life. But yes, we have to regulate them like maybe twice a week or maybe just a few class or course, so yes. 
00		Okay, so I think that we are finish and I agree with you with the twice a week and I think this is a good idea. 
01		Hello, I share your view. But for me, I think that new technologies have problems. These technologies can distract the students when they are in class. For example, if a student 
01		These technologies can distract the students when they are in class. For example, if a student play on his computer, the other student next to him can be distracted by him. 
01		Yeah, it's true, but another problem of new technology is the cost of this technologies. It's very expensive to buy a computer and at risk student can't buy a computer expensive and they can have problem to access to network connection when they are at home. 
01		It's a good idea, but for me, moreover, a buy of a computer for at risk student, the teacher need to have a formation to know how to integrate this technology in class without disturb the student. 
01		the teacher need to have a formation to know how to integrate this technology in class without disturb the student. 
01		Yeah, I go along with you there, but for me it's a good thing because a student can learn faster. But the major problem is that the students have a sixth or eighth screen... look screen by day. But if they use screen at school, it can increase this time spend on looking screen. And it can provoct anxietity for the student. 
01		Yeah, it's true. And for me, we need to integrate this technology at school, but we need to limit the time spent on the screen. 
01		And for me, we need to integrate this technology at school, but we need to limit the time spent on the screen. and It can... gonna be a tool integrate at traditional method to learn. It's in addition to this traditional method. 
01		Obviously, it's a good thing for a job in the future but if... if we want to use this technology at school, we need to regulate them and begin to use this technology. not before a certain age, like six years or ten years? 
01		Yes, twice a week is a good idea because it keep the advantage of this technologies to learn faster and it reduce the anxiety of the screen. 
