00		So we are here to defend our position on the foundation priority that could be in
00		matter of technology in the classroom. For me, I think that technology in school could
00		harm more than be good for students. For me schools should be moderate their
00		utilization of new technology.
00		Okay, I understand you point of view but for me I think that it can... it could improve their
00		capacities but it also could distract them when they are in class and they just look
00		at the screen and I for me and for therapists also students and young people are already
00		too much in front of a screen. We can heard before that they are six or eight hours per day
00		in front of screen and if new technologies are allowed in school we couldn't
00		reduce this screen time.
00		Do you think that technologies can interest students more than if they are just with a pen and...
00		Yeah, I couldn't agree more with you in this point and I think we can... we could have a compromise
00		with this. For me I think that a little time of screen in school couldn't be... couldn't have
00		bad effect on students because they have to live with their time but I think
00		school should moderate their use.
00		Okay, yeah, I agree with you on this.
00		And for you, what is the perfect time in a day for students?
00		Yeah, yeah, I agree with you with that.
00		And I also think that if there are more than one or two hours per day in front of a screen like
00		the therapist encourage this.
00		Students could have a addiction to technologies and their screen and their phone.
00		Yeah, I agree with you on this.
00		And to talk about another point, what do you think technology could do between students
00		who don't have a lot of money and don't have access to technologies.
00		And the students who already is... who already had a phone, a computer and all this.
00		Yeah, yeah, I understand what you just said.
00		So to sum up, we agreed that one hour of technology and screen per day in a school, it's okay.
00		It's not too much to...
01		Okay, so in my opinion the technology in school is not harm but is like an experience
01		and a thing to improve the learn of these students and the express of these students.
01		Yes, It's a good condition for students, I think.
01		And to concludes, yes, technology it's create disparities.
01		But it's also creates good moments for students.
01		And they can just enjoying to stand up for in school.
01		And that's my point.
01		Yes okay, I could considerate that can distract students but I think the students
01		enjoying the learn and they can be more, I don't know, but...
01		Yes, it's like they are in her own house and it's more familiar for him to take
01		technologies and to simply learn.
01		Yes, they need to restrict the time of the students in the screen because I think
01		the students can be more able to deal with if they have a good situation
01		to use it simple.
01		for me, I think that's half an hour for day, it's a good time for students because
01		extend this time the students were not concentrated in the school.
01		Yes, meanwhile the school, some students have an addiction with the screen.
01		And the school didn't... so...
01		And the school didn't... so...
01		I... And the school have a goal and this goal is to learn.
01		And I think that's the learning can be pass with the screen with technology.
01		But it's not the only goal of school.
01		It's not the school of technology, it's school of...
01		So it's school to learn not to distract.
01		I think it's create disparities between a school who have technology in... who have technology.
01		And these disparities need to be, not protected, but limitated, I think.
01		And these disparities need to be, not protected, but limitated, I think.
01		Because if we create disparities, we need to involve the fact that we can have people with or not technology.
01		And it's simply to school to create an environment for enjoy technology at school.
01		And it's simply to school to create an environment for enjoy technology at school.
01		And not just for show us the disparity between this person or this person who have technology and who haven't.
