01		In my opinion, I think technology it's a good idea and it's also an actual subject.
01		So it can be... it can help teacher to organize her lesson.
01		And also for students, it can be... make the lesson more interesting and more interactive.
01		So I think it's a good idea.
01		Yes, but maybe we can do a part of technology and also a part of paper and pen.
01		So maybe the school can do during the year some exam for training the students to continuing to write.
01		Maybe the school can organize a sensibilization of students to show that
01		to show the limits of technology, maybe like they can show that the students can also learn
01		read books and doesn't usually use technology and also shows the limit of time screen.
01		For example, the night when the students go to sleep if... they have to
01		doesn't use technology 
01		Yes, yes, thank you.
01		I think the students that can pay for her... for their computer can buy her... their own computer.
01		And I think the schools have to prepare her budget before and I don't have a real solution for the money.
01		And I think the schools have to prepare her budget before and I don't have a real solution for the money.
01		I think maybe for the school who can not invested on computer, have to keep the traditional paper and pen.
01		Yes, yes, I think it's a good idea.
01		Because it can... the students can participate with this?
00		In my opinion, technology in class is very harm and it's not good.
00		We use pen and papers for long decades, blackboard, books.
00		I'm not interested in technology.
00		It's successful
00		Yeah I see, but you see all the exams are passed in paper with pen.
00		We don't have tablets or computer in the exams.
00		I see, but for the students you talk before you know some studies spoke about
00		it raise anxiety and reduce self-esteem.
00		We could have issues of addictivity of students.
00		Many students use computer or technology six to eight hours a day.
00		It's enough and we don't have to use it in classroom.
00		I see your purpose, but the final point I want to talk about it's  technology is very expensive.
00		Lot of schools are... do not have many income and technology is very expensive.
00		Ok, I saw your purpose and why it's interesting.
00		I'm ready to act... to use interactive whiteboards in classroom.
00		It is very... it's interesting whiteboard or not?
00		Okay, so yeah, it's okay.
00		We can saw the supervisor to buy some interactive whiteboard.
