01		Okay, nice to meet you. We are talking today about the technology in the classroom. What do you think about? 
01		Okay, I have absolutely any problem with the fact that students can learn with technologies. But there's I think some aspects which are dangerous, such as bullying. And for that, I think that we need to put in place a kind of system of control of the informatic tools. And it has to be encadrated by the teachers, when students are using it. What do you think about? 
01		Yeah, and I think that they should also verify the history of the, for example, the computers or all the devices, which were used by the students. It has to be moderated. They don't have, I think, that they don't have to be and to stay all day behind a screen, and it has to be only used in an educative way, for example, for homework, for researches, something like that, and absolutely in any case, for personal uses. 
01		Yeah, but we can also make a kind of open space, or co-working space in the school, and where there will be some technological devices, which can be used every time of the day, and could permit to the students to work as they want, with some teachers around who could look at what they are doing, if it's in link or not with the school, and maybe put in place a system of card that they have to insert in a kind of box, which will verify if they have already used in the day, a computer, and making some, as you said, filters, and reducing the time of use per day, for example, to maximum one hour. 
01		Yeah, and also there's not only computers or screens, there's also the book club in which they can continue to learn and to check all the information that they need for their works, and also I was thinking about a sensibilization of the students, 
01		and also I was thinking about a sensibilization of the students, but also the teachers of the schools about the impact psychologically, and also physically, for example, the eye and the health. And I think that this system of co-working space with some informatic devices will permit to avoid the social and economical fracture that there is between them, 
01		as it was said, in an article between the white colors and the black colors due to theirs origins and their lifestyle, because many people who are of a black skin color don't have informatic devices for work. 
01		Yeah, so I absolutely agree with all that you said. I think that the thing that we have to put in place is to moderate and control the behavior of the students and moderate in function of the age of the students. For example, the first grade student have to use in the maximum half hour per day the computers and the last year students, for example, maximum two hours to prepare their exams. I don't know what do you think about. 
00		Well, I'm pro-technology, I could say. I believe we should implement technology more in the classroom, but of course implement regulations to make sure that the students learn with... from technology, but not with it, and to make sure that their school experience is the best. 
00		Well, yeah, bullying is one of the risks that is really evident with social media, and the fact that students are using it more and more, and that their parents are having problems regulating it, because they don't really understand their principle. So that is why we could also try and implement strict rules regarding their devices. Like an example was given of the fact that some teachers at the beginning of their classes used to ask questions to the students, and it would be easier for students to answer on the forums online, and to make sure that those forums are only parts of the school website, for example, and not used by everyone, enforce a strict regulation regarding maybe curse words, and make sure that there are filters, etc. 
00		Yeah, I remember a teacher, sixth grade teacher, if I remember, of the Fisher Middle School localized in the UK that said in her classes, she used around one hour of her time for the students to go online, to use the screens, etc. And I was a little bit surprised and dumbfounded dumbfounded to find that, because I think it's a little bit too much. So we should implement rules regarding the hours, make sure they don't spend too much time, and that the screens they are on doesn't replace their xxx. 
00		Yeah, that's a really interesting idea, John. It's also a good idea, because it can instil a combination of normal, traditional ways of learning, and also screens. Like some said, a teacher said that she used Kagan structures, which is a form of cooperative learning moment, and also because they had little book clubs,  etc, so they would use computers and tablets to learn a little bit more, but they also had things outside of screens by interacting with others and learning at the same time. 
00		Well, yeah, currently technology is a bit of a work in progress. Like you said,  technology has a real toll on mental health, with anxiety, low self esteem, sometimes depression, and yeah, some are more advantaged, because their parents, for example, have high incomes, compared to others that don't really have access to computers because their parents can't afford to. So, like I said before, try and regulate and also help by funding schools so that each student can be able to access computers in school. And I think we should do that also, because we have a lot of learning to do, but also learning techniques are already present with technology. Like this topic of constructivism, and inquiry-based learning, for example, where students are taught to search for topics and teachers are there to guide them. And it  can help with independence, constructing a train of thoughts, answering questions and understanding instructions. 
00		Well, I think we can both agree that the main, the foundation, the main priority, is to ensure that technology is available to everyone, but also that there are strict rules to make sure that it doesn't end badly for the students themselves. 
