01		I personally think that incorporating technologies in our class could cause more harm than good. First, because it's very expensive and maybe our school is not able to afford that kind of technologies. 
01		Yes, but there are some, I agree with you, but there are some costs that need... that are too expensive to be made. Per example, there are some rural areas that aren't equipped with a very good internet connection and building a good internet connection would cost a lot. 
01		Yeah, but there are a lot of disparities between people who can afford a computer and people who cannot afford a computer. And people who are... who have... who doesn't have the money for it, are not used to use computers so they will be not at the same level as people who already know how to use a computer so they will have to be trained even more. 
01		I agree, but there's still a risk that students will just use the computers as a teaching method and not really interact with their teachers or interact with other students or being on the computer all day long can lead to a lack of social skills  Or anxiety or being very dependent on the computer and not on classic teaching methods. 
01		Yeah, like probably only use computers only a few hours a day or during certains lessons or we could also just use computers at school and not at home to prevent... 
00		Hello, so we need to make some suggestions to your... to the.. Hello, we need to make some suggestions to our superior about the new technology in teaching. What do you think about that? 
00		about the cost of the technologies, I think personally, if we make a good plan, so we make a big invest first. But we make a good update plan, so we doesn't need to remake a big invest later. And it can reduce the cost because we doesn't have to recruit to technology experts if a troubleshooting appears. But yes, their are some cost in maintenance, etc. 
00		Yes, but if we make a good internet connection, for example, we can increase the skill of our students because we can make an evolution of our teaching. Like a teacher can give a subject to a student and a student with a good internet connection can make research about the subject. And that's really great for the teaching and for the students and can add some interest for the students because some students cannot be interest by teaching on paper and pencil. 
00		Yes, there are some cost to train the teacher or the students, but if we make... if we train the teacher, if we make a big investment of new technology, if the students add interest of our teaching, and yes, there are some disparities, but we can help the students with a computer we lead to us or etc. and we can... so increase our skills and now we are in the 21st century and the computer is the.. a skills who need to be know because we use all-day computers like for typing, for presenting and presentation etc. 
00		Yes, yes, but we can also create book clubs or writing clubs. The students can read a book or can try to write etc. And that's good for the assessment, but we need also to remake the assessment with a computer. 
00		And that's good for the assessment, but we need also to remake the assessment with a computer. For example, we can make an assessment with computer. If we may... give some computer on students at their assessments and could be great for us. 
00		So we can make a transition between the paper and pencil and the technology. We can make some transition step by step on... with incorporating technology little by little on our teaching. It's could be great. 
00		Yes the students can only use the computer on technology lesson, for example, or for a mathematical lesson, for example, that could be a good transition for incorporate technology in your teaching and also make our school modern with some technologies. 
