00		I personally think that have technology in classes, it's a new perspective of teaching,
00		and it enables students to be curious and search information online on topics they like.
00		And also, ecologically speaking, it's good for environment, because we don't have to use paper.
00		So I think it's quite good.
00		I'm listening to your point but.
00		I think it have... this topic of technology in classes has pros and cons,
00		and you're telling and cons that is harassment.
00		But I think that things could be put to avoid harassment.
00		I don't have solutions.
00		I have mixed feelings about that, because I think that technology can allow children or students and teachers
00		to have a dialogue, another dialogue from the classic school.
00		And I think also that now with the development of data, it's more practical.
00		To search online things than in books.
00		I don't know, but it's allow to do a certain...
00		How do you say?
00		How do you say?
00		You can follow the line and
00		I think it's great to have technology in school and at home because for children,
00		it's more practical 
00		and for... sorry, and for
00		teachers, it's a new perspective to teach and it's interesting for them.
00		Yes.
00		The fact is that teachers in their childhood, in the last decades, weren't abilitate to use technology because it didn't exist.
00		But the thing is that they can now be coached and they can intern...
00		Learn to children who don't know how to proceed.
00		Yes.
00		I'm totally agree with you.
00		And I think one or two hours per day or per weeks, it's a good thing.
01		Okay.
01		I'm gonna defend the fact that the school should moderate the use of the technology
01		in the classroom, because there's a lot of negative point about it.
01		Like, it's not a good thing to be in-screen all day for a child, because it 's can develop
01		 anxiety and the child can become anger more usually.
01		And they're not very concentrate when they're on a screen.
01		No one can really watch what they're doing in front of the screen, so it can develop
01		cyber harassment, so it's why it should be moderate.
01		But don't you think that people must not be very concentrate when they're not in front of the screen?
01		You know what I mean? When the teacher is speaking in a traditional way,
01		that you will think, okay, let's not be concentrate now and be concentrate on the screen because it's fun and it's...
01		What about the anxiety, the anger, and all the negative points that the studies show of the screen?
01		Don't you think that allow children who, at home, is usually on the screen, come to class?
01		Also, a screen is a good thing for the development of the child or not.
01		who are... Who don't really use... the teacher,  the old teacher, who don't really use the screen or everything.
01		And when you ask them to teach with the things that they didn't know how to use it's...
01		a compromise
01		I listen what you are saying and I think that the screen is a good thing but it should be moderate.
01		I'm not... It's not a no for me to be used at school but it should be moderate because of everything that is the consequence of the using of the screen.
01		Yeah.
01		And not... no more.
01		It should be a...
01		The traditional way should be used.
01		And not only on the screen.
