00		Yeah. Yeah. I understand what you said. I'm sure there was a lot of other things we can talk about, but I think the main subject of the animal testing is all the benefits we have thanks to. We can see all the medicine progress 
00		and all the new treatment, medication. And I think there is a lot of things to say about it and it could be a good angle. 
00		Oh, yeah. Right. But it can be an example, but there is so much other medication or treatment who worked. And the aspirine ones, okay, they try animal testing  and it maybe doesn't work with this one and it was more relevant with other method that, like, I don't know, computer method. But this is, for the moment, the main, the most relevant practice to find  to progress in any medicine study. 
00		We don't really have a lot of, like, how to say... We didn't work enough with other method to be sure it's a good one. And this one, I think in my point of view, I think this one could be great for our article and we maybe have much things to say. 
00		Yes, it would be great to talk about it for sure, for sure We need to give all the information to everybody and to give a better understood... understanding of the subject. But this is not the biggest argument, you know, what I mean. They need those information in the article 
00		but the main subject I keep my idea, it's the animal testing and they could argument about it. Because, yeah, we thought... we have a lot of other method, they work, but we also have the, you know, the three R... and I think it's a good argument to animal testing iencebecause they took conscience of the painful or the harmful they could inflict to the animal and they work with, but they still use the animal testing. I think so, it's maybe a good compromise between. 
00		like you have your idea and I have my point of view and we can work both together, but I think we need to reclarify each point and put like...  like, it's a shade of grey and not everything it's white or black. 
00		Yeah, yeah, I think the two of them is great because... if we give only your point of view, everybody will be ""Oh God We have to stop animal testing because this is the bad things. We just lost money. It's not relevant and we don't conclude anything because we don't have good result or just any result. But that's not true because we have some result and the research on animal testing. It's for the moment the most... the one who's working well because we can study like living cells and the interaction between them. and we can't xxx that on computer or anything so... 
00		yeah I agree and, I think it's... this article can lead to a great information and everybody can have their own opinion with all the information I want to say. 
01		Yeah. I don't really agree with your point of view because I don't think that we can write an article all about the progress about the animal testing because, like, there are not just progress about it. 
01		Yeah. But the thing that you're talking about are not very relevant and not always relevant because we have seen a lot of problems in animal testing. 
01		and not always relevant because we have seen a lot of problems in animal testing. Like, the aspirine one, have you heard about it? 
01		I read some researchers that were saying that in fact, a lot of animal testing experiences were not finished and they lead to nowhere, like, we don't have the results of them and it's A large number of animal testing experience that have no benefits on our society or on medical researches. 
01		because xxx just that animal testing is the good and, like, the only thing, but it's not true at all. There are a lot of alternative methods. I know that sometimes alternative method are not enough but in many cases they are enough and we don't use them enough. 
01		Yeah, the three R are like a rule, but not everybody follow the rules. And I think we have to think twice about the fact that we are doing like animals belong to us 
01		And I think we have to think twice about the fact that we are doing like animals belong to us but animals don't belong to us. They are just suffering in our laboratory and it's not like... we are pretending this is a right thing or we are not even thinking about it. It's not a subject that we talk about. We are pretending that it's okay, but I don't think so. 
01		But I don't... I think that for many years, your point of view have been showed so I think it's a right thing to show my point of view. also like try the two of them. 
01		I heard what you are saying. But I think so we can show your point of view. But we can also say that it's in many situation we can do without animal testing. And if we need animal testing, maybe we can think to hire less animal, less animals and in better conditions. And like invest money fo their well-being. Their well-being because... 
01		Yeah, I think that it's a good opportunity for the researchers because we will write a very interesting article with our both point of view. And I'm glad that we are working together. 
