01		Okay, so we should write some article about animal testing.
01		What do you think about it? What... The angle we should...
01		okay so, alternative : we write our article about the three R and you do your
01		research about the speedy three R's after the article, deal? 
01		You can... You can... You can write... Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, we have
01		to write an article and choose an angle. So, you can write, it's outdated.
01		I can write. No, no, no, listen to me. You write, it's outdated. I write, we still do it, 
01		and we write the three R's method. 
01		read ? deal ?
01		Okay, so we have a problem because I disagree.
01		I think we should write this article in favor of animal testing, because this method
01		allow breakthrough in science and research for scientific and to understanding the human
01		body and human disease and everything.
01		So for me, animal testing is the right method to allow the humanity to have a better life
01		with understanding this function... this functionment
01		But we can do that, rehumanize our science, and using animals like in a better way
01		that before. Like we can...
01		We don't, we don't 
01		We don't have the obligation to kill like for example we can use animals
01		and testing animal for some subject, but not for other, like, for example, cosmetic and testing
01		animals
01		It's an... a shame
01		it's a nonsense.
01		No, because we have alternatives, but like, for example, human disease, sometimes we
01		don't have the correct alternative, like, for example.
01		Alzheimer's, 
01		No, Alzheimer's, the case of Alzheimer's in the mice, we have, we can cure mice who
01		No, Alzheimer's, the case of Alzheimer's in the mice, we have, we can cure mice who
01		have Alzheimer's, but we cannot translate it for now, at the human, because we didn't understand
01		the molecular basis, but to take alternative, we can use, for example, computer alternative.
01		But to use it, we have to understands the molecular basis.
01		So if we don't have the molecular basis, we cannot use alternative, before you have
01		to find the alternative by animal testing, respectfully
01		what money ?
01		We have the subventions, because we are, legally... we have, legally, the obligation to do animal
01		testing, it's right in a lot of xxx treatment.
01		Yes but like I said it's not about efficient, and increase the development, it's about reality and... reality and point of the world.
01		It's like, if you don't understand the basis, you cannot create... So, no, we don't know 
01		the basis. Ok So, how... what is the basis of Alzheimer? Molecular basis.
01		So we don't have the basis, so whe have to find it, maybe, maybe you're right, and maybe we can take the point of view of the
01		middle, like the three R's.
01		You have to... we have to find alternative but we cannot skip the animal testing like...
00		I think I have a clear, clear, clear, clear position about the animal testing.
00		I just think this is an archaic method, completely outdated, and we have to just think about
00		how we can did... doing... do these experiences without animal testing.
00		Because that's just wasting money for nothing, because any solution could replaced these animal
00		testing experiences.
00		Anthropologically, anthropologically, create a barrier between us, human, we... that we are just
00		exploiting the rest of nature. It's just outdated. It was in the 19th, in the 20th century. Okay,
00		it was great, and we understand the functionment of the basis of gene, etc. But this is not...
00		Okay.
00		Okay, may I correct you just in one point.
00		Maybe in the past, it was a very great solution.
00		It was completely great to understand, as you say, the functionment of our body, understand the...
00		our physical construction, etc... but today, we have to think ethically and rehumanize... rehumanize our science.
00		last, the last sentence.
00		Oh, you are... you are.. you are hard, you are hard. But we are okay to say 
00		that 25 years to skip the animal testing is too... Okay.
00		Explain it to me
00		But, we are continuating to kill any day
00		And what do you think... What do you think about to create a processus of experimentation in vitro, by example,
00		for, in the same time, and in the second time, we can effectively create a program in computer
00		modellization, which are very, very, very performant, more, maybe, more, in the, in the
00		lot of time, more performant that animal testing, where, computering... computer modellization
00		are more efficient in a lot of time that... so we could, we could
00		say that, okay, it was the past, we did animal testing, and we know the functionment of
00		our body, and the body, and the... and cellular, that, that create disease, et cetera, okay.
00		But now, it's time to, transit to a way of science which are more human, and when... we
00		didn't talk about money
00		Yes, yes, but a lot of, there, there is more
00		subvention, as you say, to have, when we are, when we are in the program, in the RS program,
00		in the RS program, RS program, you know, with the xxx the three R. So,
00		if we are, coming in RS program, three R, we have more subventions, and that could be
00		a transition step, between, between the, the experience with animals, and without animal. But,
00		I just want to, to say, one, one, one, one thing, one fact, 26 billions of dollar, that have been
00		invest in, experience animal testing, and just 95 percent did not succeed, who didn't translate
00		the medicant for human, that we test on animals. This is really close and this is... and... We could put all this money
00		on computing... computer modelization, which increase... which will be... which will increase more and
00		more, the performance of, computing... computer modelization and...
00		I'm okay with the three R's. Maybe, maybe, maybe
00		an acceleration, an acceleration of the three R. because to... When the three R have been
00		created, 15th, in the 15th, 1950.
00		No
00		we have to create the acceleration of three R that could be 
00		the three R, speedy, the speedy three R and to... to
00		create a compromise with your idea. No, no, no no no no.
00		you want to skip the animal testing in the... in 25 years. This is outdated.
00		Anthropologically, anthropologically, create a barrier between us, human, we... that we are just
