01		I agree with you on the fact that we have no other solution to offer... for stop animal testing, but I don't think it's a good idea to speak for the animal testing, but most against animal testing, because it's... if people read our article, I think it's important to shows... to the... that this technique 
01		In my mind, in the future, with the evolution of technology, it will completely 
01		In my mind, in the future, with the evolution of technology, it will completely possible to... it will be completely possible to stop animal testing, not just reduce, but stop. Because we have... We invent... today we invent lot of things and I think if we take a little of a our time to think about this problem, I think we can find a solution for stop radically animal testing. 
01		Okay, so for this article, I think with all of we say that this article should be objective, talk about animal testing, the argument in favor of animal testing and against animal testing, I think it's a good way and I think it's very important to talk about the new technology, the new method to stop animal testing. 
01		because it's... if people read our article, I think it's important to shows... to the... that this technique hurt animals and can kill them. 
01		I think it's not possible to speak about... a favour of animal testing. 
01		Because animals are also conscientious, like you and me, and in reality, I think you don't want to test some drugs, some things which could hurt you and kill you. 
01		Yes, but okay, if you want, they're... animals are not conscientious, but it's a part of our world, of our biodiversity, of our environment, and it's very important to keep 
01		their biodiversity in good way. So I think there are other solution to test medical... to make test... medical tests, scientific test, so it's not only the solution.  
01		New technology and other way, but new technology... we are in the xxx society, which are in increase and in developing, and all day we have new technology 
01		xxx society, which are in increase and in developing, and all day we have new technology and new things to increase the world, so we can find a solution to stop animal testing. 
01		I'm... I agree because the technology is not... in not... with the technology it's not possible  today to stop animal testing, but in our article, I think it's important to say that 
01		we have... they have a lot of research on technology to stop animal testing and we don't agree, we disagree sorry, we disagree with the fact of animal testing, but today we don't do with another solution. 
00		Ah yeah, so you want to speaks in an objective way, or you want to give some arguments in disfavour of animal testing? 
00		Yes, but I think human life is better and more important that... than an animal life, and that's why we don't test on a child or on a person who have a life, who have a conscience. Animal don't have a conscience. just, they'll feel pain, yes, but they don't have a mind and a conscience and a sophisticate mind, so we don't have the choice. We have to test the medicine in a tissue and 
00		not benefits and not very scientist. We have just the normal way of testing is animal, maybe in the future, if we have the money, if we have the knowledge, we can create an... just things of simulation of the human body, but today it's so complicated, I don't know how to create machine like that, 
00		And so do you think that we can replace entirely animals because for me, we are, even if we have some technologies like simulation, like computer, in the future, 
00		human. Maybe you can reduces this number of animals, but not completely stop this kind of project. 
00		tissues like human tissue and that suppose the fact we have to create new humans with machines like artificially. So I think it's unethical. For me, we have to keep the 
