038		I'm disagree with you because I think it's more arm than good and scores show the moderate using technology. Indeed, social inequalities can be located because some students don't have the tools necessary.
038		And don't access to computer or internet, for example. So I think it's not a good way to admit new technology in the classroom.
038		Yes, it's possible, but it's so expensive for the schools. And the teacher must be formed and it's a major problem to develop new technologies. So expensive for the school and increase inequalities in the other hand.
038		Yes, I'm agree with you at this point. But the risk is to disconnect the people, the students with the reality. And I think it's more better to read a book, for example, than to learn with a computer.
038		And for example, in some countries, students don't have the possibility to buy good equipment and access of new technology increase social inequalities.
038		Yes, a little bit of the possibility. And the students take an exam, pass the assessments and the assessments were written.
038		So I think it's possible to make some research.
038		Yes, it's a good way to increase our knowledge.
038		One hour per day, it's a good solution, I think. And it's a good way to increase capacity and skills in different topics.
038		Yes, it's very benefit, benefits are good in this point.
038		Yes, and each student can be access to a computer and also learn with a pen and paper.
038		So I think, I already say, that school should moderate using of technology.
038		And I think your proposition is very good for the students and the teacher.
038		No, it's perfect. Thank you.
016		So what do you think about the pure reach of that we can call being in the matter of technology in the classroom to think it's a good thing because I think in my opinion if you
016		you, including more technology in the classroom, we are going to increase the knowledge and the skill of the students. It's a way to discover a new method. What do you think about that?
016		And as you say, some students don't have access at the technology and do you think that if we put in class some computers and work just a little time at every class, they can discover new things because they don't have at their home.
016		Yes, it's possible, but it's so expensive for the schools. And the teacher must be formed and it's a major problem to develop new technologies. So expensive for the school and increase inequalities in the other hand.
016		Yes, I'm a great view. It's very expensive and teachers need a very good training. But I think it's a way to increase the curiosity of children and students. And it may be a way for them to study in a way more exciting and more interesting for them.
016		So I think we need to find solutions for there is not too much, but not not at all. What do you think?
016		Yes, but in real life, when you have a job or work, you need to know how to use a computer because a lot of job using computers for reading mail, do some studies.
016		So I think it's not good if there is too much, but they need a little bit every month or every day for increase their knowledge and skills for their future jobs.
016		So which solution can we found together?
016		And maybe it can be a good idea if they do some research in the internet from a discovery computer and how you're working and maybe some exercise.
016		But as you say, tests are on the paper with pen. So just a little bit for their curiosity and discovery.
016		And do you think it's a better solution if teacher decided to do three hours of their courses on the computer of maybe just an hour per day or three hours per month because they need.
016		So I understand that they don't need very much, but not less.
016		Yes, I think change the way of the learning, not just on the board with exercise paper and books that can attract students, they can be more exciting to learn and get more interesting on their courses.
016		And as you already said, it's very expensive.
016		So maybe not, I don't know, a computer for every student, but some few, some computers in the class and they can turn during three hours and some don't exercise on their papers and other on their computers.
016		So maybe we can't give homework at home on a computer for a valid inequality, as you said, but do some exercise in the school.
016		So maybe if I can conclude, maybe we can say that we are going to do a lot of many technology in class, three hours per day, but with rotations that's going to avoid the inequalities between students.
016		And they can increase their knowledge and skills.
016		I even missing something.
