Number 32, I have the roll-up.
Number 44, roll-up.
You want to start?
Maybe, why not?
Yes, so our foundation wants to invest in technology for classroom.
I think it's an idea because we are in the 21st century.
But we have some problems with that.
And I want to show you why I'm maybe to model a writer's technology using
because I think, firstly, it's a potential problem with connection.
And with this problem, we can have some losing time for teachers.
And I'm afraid that I could not have the best solution for the student.
Okay, I understand your point of view.
I think the problems can be solved with the experts that we can hide
to come help the teachers in class to avoid time loss.
And we have to make formations for teachers to avoid the time loss with technical problems.
And I think we must do all of that because we have to use technology in operation
because it can reduce inequalities between the students that are more affluent
and the ones who live in less affluent situations.
So we have to do all that.
Yes, but I see two major problems.
But I understand that I think we will have a problem of cost because it's very expensive
to have people to hire, to be here for this information problem.
And you say you want to learn to teacher maybe to solve this problem themselves
but it's also very expensive to learn to them.
And I think you spoke about inequality but some low incomes students will have technology in classroom.
It's a good idea.
I have no problem but you don't think that when they come back home,
if they don't have a connection or good technology, maybe they will be in a situation of inequality because of that.
It's a question.
Or we can invest for EBSM, for JAK or other way, I don't know.
But it's very expensive.
And this is a problem of money.
Yes, indeed, the problem of money is a very big problem.
To counter that, we have to make plans to replace the material and also make updates.
That can be considered in the budget of the foundation.
So I think that's a problem but we can do with that.
Also, yes, you said that the students that have less money can have internet at home and that can be a issue with their own blocks.
And yes, as you said, we can provide them computers or 4G keys.
Because that's very important.
You talked about 20th century skills that are leaning before.
That's important that all the students can have those 20th century skills.
And that's important that all of the students can have access to computers and internet.
Okay, so if you think to program and invest on the long time and we can maybe reduce the cost like that, I'm totally agree with this project.
But I have also another issue that I think is in the equation of this system for different points.
I think to the example for university and others that are writing test and maybe as a student who are dyslexic, maybe it could be more difficult for them with technology that are writing.
So I suggest you to moderate and keep paper and pen and paper, methodology, even we can introduce technology and it's not a problem.
Just keep a part of old school.
Yes, you're totally right.
For this problem, yes, as you said, we have to keep the pencil and paper based learning because as you said, state programs are traditional.
And the tests must be with pencil and paper.
So a plus we have to keep this way or leaning because the time that spend young people on screens are already high.
So it must be not too high because it can cause anxiety and the social skills can be compromised.
So yes, we have indeed the world to limit this time on the screen.
I agree with you, but I think we can use technology called learning.
So I think we can go to this big investment for school, but it's clear for you and me and I very happy for that.
It's that we have to be careful to maintain old school methodology, but it's very important.
I agree to continue to invest further for our century and for the disease students.
Okay, so I'm glad that our students can provide the technological learning in the future.
