So I think for the news, for the article, we have to show that it's important to keep
the animal testing because we don't have choice to do some tests in medicines in another way.
I agree with you on the fact that we have no other solution to stop animal testing,
but I don't think it's a good idea to speak for animal testing, but most against animal testing,
because if people with our article, I think it's important to show that this technique
hurts animals and can kill them.
So you want to speak in an objective way, or you want to give some arguments in the favour of animal testing?
I think it's not possible to speak about the favour of animal testing.
I think I miss and understand myself, because I think we don't have the choice to have to keep the animal testing.
We don't have the other way, but you think we have to do not do this practice. Why?
Because animals are also conscientious, like you and me, and in reality, I think you don't want to test some drugs,
some things which cause the earth to you and kill you.
Yes, but I think human life is better and more important than an animal life, and that's why we don't
test on a child or on a person who has a life where we're conscientious. Animals don't have
a conscience. They'll feel pain, yes, but they don't have a mind and a conscience and a
sophisticated mind, so we don't have the choice. We have to test the medicine in a tissue and
biological tissue on animals. Yes, but okay, if you want, animals are not conscientious, but it's
a part of our world, of our biodiversity, of our environment, and it's very important to keep
their biodiversity in good way. So I think there are other solutions to test medical tests,
so it's not only the solution. You think about what the other way of testing, like new technologies
or just in other way of testing? New technology and other way, but new technology, we are in the
Soviet society, which are in increase and in developing, and all day we are new technology
and new things to increase the world, so we can find a solution to stop animal testing.
Yes, but today at the moment, when we talk, a many of work show that other way of testing are
not benefits and not very scientist. We have just a normal way of testing is animal, maybe in the
future, if we have the money, if we have the knowledge, we can't create just things of simulation
of the human body, but today it's so complicated, I don't know how to create a machine like that,
so I don't have the solution and so for me we have to keep the animal testing because I don't
know the way of construction, we have to build this kind of technology.
I'm a higher boy because the technology is not with the technology is not possible
today to stop animal testing, but in our article, I think it's important to say that
we have, they have a lot of research on technology to stop animal testing and we don't agree,
we disagree, we disagree with the fact of animal testing, but today we don't do with another solution.
And so do you think that we can replace entirely animals because for me,
we are, even if we have some technologies like simulation, like computer, in the future,
we have to keep animals because it's the most, the most closer of human if we don't want to test on
human. Maybe you can reduce this number of animals, but not completely stop this kind of project.
In my mind, in the future, with the evolution of technology, it will completely
be possible, it will be completely possible to stop animal testing, not just reduce, but stop.
Because we have, today we invent a lot of things and I think if we take a little of a whole time
to think about this problem, I think we can find a solution for stop radically animal testing.
Yes, but I disagree with that because that's supposed the fact that we have to create some biological
tissues like human tissue and that's supposed the fact we have to create new humans with
machines like Archifersially. So I think it's unichicol. For me, we have to keep
animal testing because yes, it's not it's unichicol, but the other way is also unichicol. So
it's just we have to reduce at the maximum the risk of suffering that it's very complicated situation.
Okay, so for this article, I think with all of we say that this article should be objective,
talk about animal testing, the argument in favor of animal testing and against animal testing,
I think it's a good way and I think it's very important to talk about the new technology,
the new method to stop animal testing. Yeah, I think we have to, I agree with you for the start,
I think we have to to show the two ways of thinking and make some tailoring for the future.
So thank you.
