So, 38, situation 1 and role B.
Yes, the role, sorry.
Number 016, situation 1 and role A.
So, what do you think about the priorities that we can call B in the matter of technology in the classroom?
Do you think it's a good thing?
Because I think, in my opinion, if you include more technology in the classroom,
we are going to increase the knowledge and the skill of the students.
It's a way to discover a new method. What do you think about that?
No, I disagree with you because I think it's more armed than good.
And schools should moderate using technology.
Indeed, social inequalities can be evocated because some students don't have the tools necessary
and don't have access to computers or the internet, for example.
So, I think it's not a good way to admit new technology in the classroom.
Okay, and as you say, some students don't have access to the technology.
And do you think that if we put in class some computers and work just a little time at every class,
they can discover a new thing because they don't have it at their home?
Yes, it's possible, but it's so expensive for the schools.
And the teacher must be formed and it's a major problem to develop new technologies.
It's so expensive for the schools and it increases inequalities.
Yes, I agree with you. It's very expensive and teachers need very good training.
But I think it's a way to increase the curiosity of children and students.
And it may be a way for them to study in a way more exciting and more interesting for them.
So, I think we need to find solutions.
There is not too much, but not at all.
What do you think?
Yes, I agree with you on this point.
But the risk is to disconnect the students with the reality.
And I think it's more better to read a book, for example, than to learn with a computer.
And for example, in some countries, students don't have the possibility to buy good equipment
and access of new technology increases social inequalities.
Yes, but in the real life, when you have a job, a work, you need to know how to use a computer
because a lot of jobs are using computers for grading mail, do some studies.
So, I think it's not good if there is too much.
But they need a little bit every month or every day for increase their knowledge and skills for their future jobs.
So, which solution can we found together?
Yes, a little bit is a possibility.
And students pass exams, pass assessments, and the assessments were written.
So, I think it's possible to make...
Some exercises, maybe, and some research.
Yes, but a little bit.
Yes, and maybe it can be a good idea if they do some research in the Internet
for discovering a computer and how it's working, and maybe some exercises.
But as you say, tests are on a paper with a pen.
So, just a little bit for their curiosity and discovery.
Yes, it's a good way to increase our knowledge.
Yes, and do you think it's a better solution if a teacher decided to do three hours of their courses on the computer
of maybe just an hour per day or three hours per month because they need?
So, I understand that they don't need very much, but not less.
Yes, one hour per day.
It's a good solution, I think.
And it's a good way to increase our capacity, our skills in different topics.
Yes, I think change the way of the learning, not just on the board with exercise paper and books
that can attract students.
They can be more exciting to learning and more interesting on the courses.
Yes, it's very beneficial. Benefits are good in this point.
And as you already said, it's very expensive.
Yes.
So, maybe not a computer for every student, but some computers in the class,
and they can turn during three hours and some don't exercise on their papers and other on their computers.
Yes, and each student can be access to a computer.
Yes.
Can we also learn with a pen and a paper?
Maybe we don't give homework at home on a computer for a variety of inequalities, as you said,
but do some exercises in the school.
In class, yes, in school.
So, I think, like I already said, that school should moderate the using of technology.
And I think your proposition is very good for the students and the teacher.
If I can conclude, maybe we can say that we are going to do many technologies in class,
three hours per day, but with rotations that are going to avoid the inequalities between students,
and they can increase their knowledge and skills.
Am I missing something?
No, it's perfect. Thank you.
