Yes, my number is 022 and meets 010.
010.
OK.
In my opinion, technology in class is very home and it's not good.
We use pen and papers for long decades, blackboard, books.
I'm not interested in technology.
It's a success, Roland.
In my opinion, I think technology is a good idea and it's also an actual subject.
So it can help her teacher to organize her lesson.
And also for students, it can make the lesson more interesting and more interactive.
So I think it's a good idea.
Yes, but you see all the exams are passed in paper with pen.
We don't have tablets or computer in the exams.
Yes, but maybe we can do a part of technology and also a part of paper and pen.
So maybe the school can do during the year some exam for training the students to continue to write.
I see, but for the students you talk before you know some studies spoke about
it raised anxiety and reduced self-esteem.
We could have issues of additivity of students.
Many students use the computer or the technology six to eight hours a day.
It's an often we don't have to use it in classroom.
Maybe the school can organize a sensibilization of students to show that
to show the limits of technology, maybe like they can show that the students can also learn
read books and doesn't usually use the technology and also shows the limit of time screen.
For example, the nights when the students go to sleep if they have to
do not use the technology or screen.
Yes, yes, thank you.
I see a purpose, but the final point I want to talk about is technology is very expensive.
A lot of schools do not have many income and technology is very expensive.
How do you do with that?
I think the students that can pay for their computer can buy their own computer.
I think the schools have to prepare their budget before and I don't have a real solution for the money.
I think maybe for the school we can not invest in the computer, have to keep the traditional paper and pen.
I saw your purpose and why it's interesting.
I wanted to use interactive whiteboard in classroom.
It is very interesting, whiteboard or not.
Yes, yes, I think it's a good idea.
Because the students can participate with this?
Yes, it's okay.
We can sort the supervisor to buy some interactive whiteboard.
