Number 129, roll A. Number 767, roll B. So hello, today we are going to discuss about
the issues we are going to suggest to our supervisor if we have to put technologies on
the classroom if we don't have to implement this in the classroom. So first, I think that
this is a good thing to implement this type of technology like computers in the classroom
in the course and the school in general because I think the first students like it and there
is already studies that have showed that there is a higher level of engagement. For example,
for students who don't like to talk because they are a little scared.
Hello, I share your view. But for me, I think that new technologies have problems.
These technologies can distract the students when they are in class. For example, if a student
can play on this computer, those other students next to him can be distracted by them.
I get short point here, but I think that even if there is no computer on the classroom,
there is already a possible student who can play on the phone or something else.
And that already can distract the other students behind them, but I get short point here and I agree with you.
Yeah, it's true, but another problem of new technology is the cost of this technology.
It's very expensive to buy a computer and at risk a student can't buy a computer expensive
and they can have problems to access to network connection when they are at home.
And it can create a...
It creates a disadvantage for these students.
Okay, I understand, but I think that this is not the athletes' student who buy this computer.
I think that school where they are in must buy this computer for them.
Like this is already happening in some area where the state gives free computers to students and students don't have to pay them.
It's a good idea, but for me, moreover, a buy of a computer for at risk a student,
the teacher needs to have a formation to know how to integrate this technology in class without a student.
Maybe you want to say that this is a little lost of time and I think that this is a lost of time in the present.
But after, I think that thanks to these technology and computers, students will learn lessons and skills more fast, faster.
So I think that the time will be gained after.
Yeah, I got on with you there, but for me it's a good thing because a student can learn faster.
But the major problem is that the students have a sixth or eighth screen by day.
But if they use the screen at school, it can increase this time spend on the looking screen.
And it can provide anxiety for the students.
Okay, I go along with you.
I think that all students and people today are a bit addicted to this type of technology like computers or fun.
But I think that this is the students or the people at home who have to reduce the time they are using this technology because it is very useful in the school I think.
Yeah, it's true.
And for me, we need to integrate this technology at school, but we need to limit the time spent on this screen.
It can be a tool to integrate at a traditional method to learn.
It's in addition to this traditional method.
Okay, okay. Yes, I think that we have to just not use them, use the computers and this technology every day at school.
But I think this is a good idea to add computers in classroom and more.
It can help for future jobs because now all jobs will be like engineers for artificial intelligence.
And so we have to have a student who learn this type of skills to have a good jobs in the future.
Firstly, it's a good thing for a job in the future that if we want to use this technology at school, we need to regulate them and begin to use this technology.
But before a certain age, like six years or ten years?
Yes, I agree.
We don't have to put children at like five or four years old, directly in this type of technology.
We have to before know the life.
But yes, we have to regulate them like maybe twice a week or maybe just a few class or a course.
Yes, twice a week is a good idea because it keeps the advantage of this technology too long faster and it reduces the anxiety of the screen.
Okay, so I think that we are finished and I agree with you with the twice a week and I think this is a good idea.
