Yes, zero, one, seven.
Can you roll?
A roll, eight.
And yours please?
Zero, two, nine, and a whole bit.
Okay, when you're ready, you guys can begin.
You have eight minutes to ten minutes.
And this means you have one minute left.
Okay.
You can begin now.
You start.
Two.
How's your heart?
Okay.
I'm going to defend the fact that the school should remodelate the use of the technology
in the classroom, because there's a lot of negative points about it.
Like, it's not a good thing to be in-screen all day for a child, because it can develop
and anxiety and the child can become and go more usually.
And they're not very concentrated when they're on a screen.
No one can really watch what they're doing in front of the screen, so it can develop
a possible arsement, so it's why it should be in-moderate.
I personally think that have technology in classes, it's a new perspective of teaching,
and it enables students to be curious and search information online on topics they like.
And also, ecologically speaking, it's good for environment, because we don't have to use paper.
So I think it's quite good.
Well, what about the motivation of the use, because of the cyber arsement that can be made of?
I'm listening to your point.
I think it has this topic of technology in classes as pros and cons,
and your telling and cons that is arsement.
But I think that things could be put to avoid arsement.
I don't have solutions.
But don't you think that people must not be very concentrated when they're not in front of the screen?
You know what I mean? When the teacher is speaking in a traditional way,
that you will think, okay, let's not be concentrated now and be concentrated on the screen because it's fun.
I have mixed feelings about that, because I think that technology can allow children or students and teachers
to have a dialogue, another dialogue from the classics school.
I think also that now with the development of data, it's more practical.
To search online things than in books.
And how about the...
Oh, I don't know.
What about the anxiety, the anger, and all the negative points that the studies show of the screen?
Don't you think that a low children at home is usually on the screen, come to class?
Also, a screen is a good thing for the development of the side.
I don't know, but it's a road to do a certain...
How do you say?
You can follow the line.
I think it's great to have technology in school and at home because for children,
it's more practical and for teachers.
It's a new perspective to teach and it's interesting for them.
But what about the people who are not very...
Well, we don't really use the teacher, we don't really use the screen or everything.
And when you ask them to teach with the things that they didn't know how to use it.
Yes.
The fact is that teachers in their childhood, in the last decade, weren't happy to use technology because it didn't exist.
But the thing is that they can now be coached and they can learn to...
Learn to...
No, I don't know how to proceed.
So we can find a compromise, a compromise, yes.
I listen to what you are saying and I think that the screen is a good thing but it should be moderated.
It's not a no for me to be used at school but it should be moderated because of everything that is the consequence of the using of the screen.
Yes.
I totally agree with you.
And I think one or two hours per day or per week, it's a good thing.
Yeah.
And not no more.
Yes.
It should be a...
The traditional way should be used.
Yes.
And not only on the screen.
Yeah.
Both are perfect.
