I'd like to say that the use of technology in the classroom is not always good, it can
bring a lot of harm to students and also to the school as well.
First of all, I'd like to say it's expensive to implement, you need to buy the goods like computers
and boards, and also the equipment that you need to maintain the computers.
Yeah, but I think that is the role of the states, the states need to pay for all of it because
it's his job to provide to all students to have the equipment required for good learning and
good teaching.
Indeed, it could be the role of the state to provide, but you have also to take an account
of the fact that teachers need to be trained, which also costs money and time away from
the students who could benefit of a more traditional way of education, so where would
that money come from?
Yes, but to my mind, the new teachers will bring the new 21st century children, so they
will grow up with the new technology, so we will need to teach them less than actually
with the old teacher.
So don't you think that progressively the teacher won't be needed and it could lead to unemployment?
If their children are able to study without teachers and just using technology, maybe
one day it will go too far and we will lose the profession that is teaching?
No, because I'm not saying that robots can replace teachers.
I just think that the technology, sorry, is a tool for teachers to help the students
or the child to make more research.
It's a tool that they can use, for example, to go far away from their, from what they
know.
The teacher can not know everything, so when, for example, they work on the project
or something, they can use the technology to help them to work, to reach new methods
of working, of teaching.
In fact, this is a good argument, but I think that we should also take account in account
that technology at school could have a negative impact on the student life as far for the
screen time, because technology is present everywhere, so at home also, and if there is
no break between use at home and at school, it can lead to addiction and problems like anxiety.
Yes, I agree, but that is our work, that is a teacher work and parents work.
We need to control the time that the child spent on the screen, for example.
We can work only two hours a day on screen, sorry, screens at school, and the parents
can control the times when the child will come back at home.
So the child will not spend too much time on the screen, and we can do like exercise,
like who seems like feedback, to talk about what did you see on screen, what did you
think to make, to share together with the children, to have their feelings about the screen,
and to check if they are good with it.
So what I hear you say is that the traditional way of teaching is still needed, and therefore
it also shows that technology has maybe not spread in a classroom, if you still need
the balance between traditional teaching and technology.
So I think technology can be useful, but you also have to take account that not everyone
has access to it, and if maybe we start using it, then we have to homework to do with
it, and researches, and some students don't have access to that because of low income.
That keeps them disadvantaged them.
That's why I think that the state's best pay for it, because I think, for example, the
states can buy computers or some adversities for the school.
The school we rented to the students, so they will have all the same computers, all the
same advices, so they will be not, like I say, disparities, I can say it like this,
disparities between them.
It will be easier for the teacher because they will have all the same computers or adversities,
and they will not be disparities because they will work, they will be equal, I see.
But I also hear that it's a very expensive project, like I said, to buy the computers, to
keep the maintenance up, everything.
I don't think every school, every state has the money for that in every school, and more
over.
When maintenance is needed, you can't use the technology, so you can also slow down
the learning process while it's in maintenance.
Could you repeat?
While computers, technology devices are in maintenance, they can't be used, so it slows
down the learning process.
Not, because to my mind, the learning process is not based on technology, it's just a
tool that they can use to help them, it's not the majority of the works, so it will not
be like something missing when they are in maintenance, you understand.
The teacher will work with, like you said, traditional methods, but they can use the technology
to help them to bring new methods, to adapt their methods to students which are maybe
different, maybe who wants to discover something, different, because they have a different
level, for example.
What about exams, because when you learn to take on a computer or to work on a computer
and then you find yourself in front of a sheet and a traditional way of writing exams,
if you students may be lost, because they are not that used to it.
To my mind, it depends of the skills.
For example, if in class they used to work mathematics without a computer, they should
do the exam without the computer, but if they work something like a French with the
computers, they will pass the exam with the computers, too.
Like this, they will have the habits.
I hear you, and I feel like we can go to a compromise where we think that technology can
be used, but with limits and work that in the schools with the teacher who need a lot
of training.
Exactly, like I said, the technology will not be the base of the teaching, it will be just
a plus tools that can be used by the teacher to help the children.
