93, okay and your role is A, okay thank you and my number is a number of 15 with a reward
B. So start the timer when you're ready to 10 minutes with a ring at the end, okay.
So what do you want to start?
I found the technology is very deep, but team technology of addition to technology and screens devices.
So I don't find it's a really good idea to interrupt technology in school.
So for me I think that technology is a good thing for the education because the kids or the children can
just learn something, make it a little bit more fun with games or something like this.
Okay but you don't know how to play games at home and play problems.
I think that the school can make the...
Yeah I see what you want to say, but I think that the parents need also to take a student and place some boarder to him at home.
So we can make the school more fun for the children.
Yeah I agree with you.
What do you think about the form of education with technology?
I think that the education needs to be with games or on board that the children can interact with.
The students can access to internet or something like this to add games in this project.
Yes, but first you don't have a device to do homework at home. So do you have a solution for that?
Yes, for the school can give to the students a computer or a tablet to do homework at home.
So this means that several students, including the low-income students, can have access to this digital tool.
What about teachers? They don't have training for this new technology?
And the teacher can make permission with the energy coach that can make the teacher more comfortable with the technology.
So now to ask you why there is a problem with the technology at the education?
I think it's a good idea, a good concept, but there is some issue with that, like the cost of the device and the cost of training teachers to that new technology.
I think that's for this problem we can have some money and just put the education technology in the years, like in 10 years.
So we can add just when the school parents, for example, where we just put the digital tools in the school.
I think we can finally compromise to the importance of technology in the classroom.
I think we can also technology in the classroom, but not all the day for all the week.
We need to keep a distance with the technology in the classroom to study the traditional way in the tiny paper.
I think that we can make the educational technology, but yes, we need to install some needs, like for example, one or two hours of the time screen per day.
And so we also need to make some tests in the program and make some tests in the classroom.
I think that's a good compromise for the program.
Thank you.
Can you tell us the time please?
Would you like to say something else? Could you tell us three and a half minutes?
I think some things can be made on a couple of days.
I think that can make a computer like you see them.
I think that's a big test to be on the power and to make the difference between technology and real test.
Yes, but it's from the technology.
Can you prefer an exam on paper or in digital?
I think that's a better digital, if there is some restriction on the computer of my notebook, so the students can cheat at the test.
It's more comfortable for students to make information, digital tests about computer science.
I think the algorithm test will be in paper.
The prototype will be kind of tested.
Yes.
We have something else to do.
I think we have the time to do the confirmation.
Thank you.
